[Laughter]
hi my name is David Jones and I'm
playing Mary Ann Sheridan my name is
Paul mescal I'm playing Connell Waldron
in the BBC three adaptation of Sally
were an example normal people do you
think about me and I'm when the sky is
losing alone I swear my head fools Oh
Paul had already been cast I I was kind
of sort of the last person to be cast I
think I saw you sat down and I was like
that's Connell and it was very strange
because I I had a very intense like oh I
feel like I'm gonna get to know that
person very well it was very odd do you
remember I I've stuck my head into the
room when they were with someone else
and I was like I do because I was your
hair did yeah everything felt huge like
it I think what I really like about this
series is it doesn't shy away from the
fact that teenagers actually do feel
things and it doesn't kind of patronize
young people and go oh they're so young
and they know I'm falling in love
whatever but it's like no they feel real
pain and they feel real love the first
time that you fall in love and the first
time you feel heartbreak is massive
thank God for chemistry because it
thought if you don't get that right I
think it's a it's really impossible to
do the story any justice broke the ice
I'm gonna do that I might get in trouble
for saying this but so we were shooting
and as they called the intimate scenes
and they put on a lot of like fake sweat
and there's a position in the scene
where as we shift position and the way
our bodies were the way our bodies were
in contact it made a noise one of us had
actually farted and they were all being
really polite because they thought that
someone advised didn't notice me it
wasn't it was a collective mic man he
blames me because we realize that they
did it so yeah very
that was yeah broke the ice once you've
been to what we've been through like
losing dignity in terms of you know
yes the old scenes you can't really help
but be quite good friends just so fun
a lot of the characters around Carl kind
of pigeon-holed of in terms of how they
perceive him socially people expected me
to go down a certain path through school
in terms of I was good at sport and when
I turned around said I was gonna go to
drama school people kind of look at you
differently what's brilliant is you know
there's so many different ways you can
read into those characters and that's
where the writing so brilliant to me
never said that I hated you well I like
you